Configurable exception list retry middleware 2701 (#5929)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/downloader-middleware.rst

it is a common code used to indicate server overload. It is not included by
default because HTTP specs say so.

.. setting:: RETRY_EXCEPTIONS

RETRY_EXCEPTIONS
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Default::

    [
        'twisted.internet.defer.TimeoutError',
        'twisted.internet.error.TimeoutError',
        'twisted.internet.error.DNSLookupError',
        'twisted.internet.error.ConnectionRefusedError',
        'twisted.internet.error.ConnectionDone',
        'twisted.internet.error.ConnectError',
        'twisted.internet.error.ConnectionLost',
        'twisted.internet.error.TCPTimedOutError',
        'twisted.web.client.ResponseFailed',
        IOError,
        'scrapy.core.downloader.handlers.http11.TunnelError',
    ]

List of exceptions to retry.

> It may contain either an exception or a string, in which case Scrapy would load
> the exception from the absolute object path specified by the string. 
> If an exception is not retried earlier, middlewares get to process it; 
> if none handles it, the request errback gets it. 

Reviewer: I would recommend something in the line of:

```suggestion
Each list entry may be an exception type or its import path as a string.

An exception will not be caught when the exception type is not in
:setting:`RETRY_EXCEPTIONS` or when the maximum number of retries for a request
has been exceeded (see :setting:`RETRY_TIMES`). To learn about uncaught
exception propagation, see
:meth:`~scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.DownloaderMiddleware.process_exception`.
```

The reference documentation of `process_exception` is not clear about `request.errback` getting the exception if unhandled by other middlewares, or how exceptions are propagated to earlier middlewares (i.e. closer to the spider), but I consider that out of the scope of these changes.
